03-command_line.md, before:

# Learn command line

Please follow and complete the free online [Command Line Crash Course
tutorial](http://cli.learncodethehardway.org/book/). This is a great,
quick tutorial. Each "chapter" focuses on a command. Type the commands
you see in the _Do This_ section, and read the _You Learned This_
section. Move on to the next chapter. You should be able to go through
these in a couple of hours.

---

###Q1.  Cheat Sheet of Commands  

Make a cheat sheet for yourself: a list of at least **ten** commands and what they do, focused on things that are new, interesting, or otherwise worth remembering.

> > cd, change directory
> > mkdir, make directory
> > ls, list items in directory
> > pwd, print working directory
> > rmdir, remove directory
> > cp, copy item
> > mv, move item
> > rm, remove a file
> > cat, stream a file
> > grep, find an item in a file

---

###Q2.  List Files in Unix   

What do the following commands do:  
`ls`  
`ls -a`  
`ls -l`  
`ls -lh`  
`ls -lah`  
`ls -t`  
`ls -Glp`  

> > ls, lists the items in the current working directory, -a, lists ALL items, -l, dispays access configurations, and ls -lh, add a size indicator

---

###Q3.  More List Files in Unix  

Explore these other [ls options](http://www.techonthenet.com/unix/basic/ls.php) and pick 5 of your favorites:

> > REPLACE THIS TEXT WITH YOUR RESPONSE

---

###Q4.  Xargs   

What does `xargs` do? Give an example of how to use it.

> > xargs enables use to apply commands to a series of inputs.

Commit message:

committing up to section 5b, dsp files

03-command_line.md, after:

# Learn command line

Please follow and complete the free online [Command Line Crash Course
tutorial](http://cli.learncodethehardway.org/book/). This is a great,
quick tutorial. Each "chapter" focuses on a command. Type the commands
you see in the _Do This_ section, and read the _You Learned This_
section. Move on to the next chapter. You should be able to go through
these in a couple of hours.

---

###Q1.  Cheat Sheet of Commands  

Make a cheat sheet for yourself: a list of at least **ten** commands and what they do, focused on things that are new, interesting, or otherwise worth remembering.

> > cd, change directory
> > mkdir, make directory
> > ls, list items in directory
> > pwd, print working directory
> > rmdir, remove directory
> > cp, copy item
> > mv, move item
> > rm, remove a file
> > cat, stream a file
> > grep, find an item in a file

---

###Q2.  List Files in Unix   

What do the following commands do:  
`ls`  
`ls -a`  
`ls -l`  
`ls -lh`  
`ls -lah`  
`ls -t`  
`ls -Glp`  

> > ls, lists the items in the current working directory, -a, lists ALL items, -l, dispays access configurations, and ls -lh, add a size indicator. The -lah combines all 3 features. -t displays newest files first based on timestamp. -Glp displays directories with a /, l lisplays the long format listing and g add color to the directories

---

###Q3.  More List Files in Unix  

Explore these other [ls options](http://www.techonthenet.com/unix/basic/ls.php) and pick 5 of your favorites:

> > I usually use ls -la

---

###Q4.  Xargs   

What does `xargs` do? Give an example of how to use it.

> > xargs enables use to apply commands to a series of inputs.
